[FIX] Throw missing subcommand argument on parse() and adapt misleading tutorial. (#2179)
seqan/seqan3: CHANGELOG.md

* The `seqan3::fm_index_cursor` exposes its suffix array interval ([\#2076](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/pull/2076)).

## Notable Bug-fixes

### Argument Parser

* Argument parsing with subcommands: If the user forgets or misspells the subcommand, the error is thrown when calling

>   `seqan3::argument_parser::parse()` not on constructing of the `seqan3::argument_parser`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `seqan3::argument_parser::parse()` and not on construction of the `seqan3::argument_parser`
```
